Privacy Policy of Portable Image Viewer
The Orchid Apps organization (GitHub) publishes Portable Image Viewer (the application), which is a tool to open images in portable image formats.
This document is used to inform readers regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use the application.
If you choose to use the application, then you agree to the statements of this Privacy Policy document.

Information Collection and Use:
This application does not collect or transmit any user's personally identifiable information. The application does not transmit any file opened by user to remote endpoints. No personal information is used, stored, secured or disclosed by services this application works with. We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personal identifiable information. Personal information includes all information or data that could reasonably be used to identify a person. Examples of personal information include: contacts, photos, phone number, audio & video recordings, location, SMS or other text communication, screen shots, unique account identifiers, unique identifiers based on the computer's hardware, and in some cases, combined browsing history.

Log Data:
We want to inform you that whenever you use the application, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your device called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app, the time and date of your use of the application, and other statistics.

Changes to This Privacy Policy:
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

Contact Us:
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
